We are on to Chapter 5.
And in Chapter 5, you get to do
this all by yourself, all right?
So what you are gonna do here in Chapter
5 is you are going to create the featured
section.
And this is the way the featured
section is going to look.
There is a background that's got these
little lines behind it here, okay?
And you have a great big,
huge giant picture.
You have some of these particular
elements here in place again, and
they're overlapping that
image by a little bit.
Kinda sounds like grid.
Baby figures, grid, that kind of thing.
We also have a big black box down here
at the bottom with a button, okay?
There is no tablet breakpoint for this
one, there is only a mobile breakpoint
at the mobile breakpoint instead
of individual boxes for HTML, CSS,
JavaScript, and SVG, you're going to have
one giant mega box for all of those items.
You're gonna have to think
about how that happens.
And then you'll have your
big black box here for
the practical CSS layouts with
the button here at the bottom.
So, as always, I'm recommending that
you work through the steps in order.
You have a starting CodePen here.
Okay, and all the things are in place.
We have a title, we have images here for
you, we have all the blah, blah,
we have the link in place.
So what you're gonna need to do
is mark this up appropriately,
that's where you would always start.
It, and then you're going to
add some styling to this.
I would recommend making a layer
called featured, and you can put
all of your styles inside a featured and
that is going to style this page.
Start it for desktop and
then work on the mobile display,
All right, so
I hope you did well putting together
the featured part of this website.
Let's go Go through how I went
about putting together this code.
So we're gonna start with as we
have throughout this course.
We're going to start with the section
with a class of featured.
And inside of that,
we are going to put our container.
So that's the way we're building all
of the sections of this website.
So we just You just continue on
with that same pattern here.
Then inside of that container,
we are going to have our featured project.
We're going to mark that up with an H2,
because that's the most important
part of this particular section.
Then I decided to make this an article,
because it's kind of a story here
about my featured project and
The title of that particular
project is Practical CSS Layouts.
I did a really fun thing
here where I move that word
practical CSS layouts way
down here to the black box.
The order here goes from
our featured project.
We go to our practical CSS layouts, and
then there's the image that's here, okay?
And then, of course, we have our skill
set that should be marked up as a list,
just like we had done before.
And then down here in the black box,
I made a div with a class of black box,
put inside of that our paragraph of text.
Post and put in our button here and
using the same old class of button
that we've been using all along, and
then ended that div and the article and
and the container and my section.
So that's the HTML piece of this.
Okay, so for the CSS what we
have is as you would expect,
we still Start with our background
image on the section itself, and
that is the striped background image here.
And this time we are going
to ask it to repeat.
We do in fact want this image
to repeat over and over again.
If you looked at the image itself,
it's kinda this tiny little
skinny image like this.
It's designed to repeat Over and over
again in both the x and the y direction.
I have set it to display in the center of
the image, in the center of the page and
I put some padding on the top and
bottom of our section.
I reduce the size of my h2,
you've seen me do that before And
then for my section featured h three,
I've actually set
that up with some margin on it
padding set the color to white,
and the font size to H4, and
the background color to black and
let me just fix this white right here.
It's a shouldn't be var one White
>> Okay,
the black box down here will have a little
bit of padding associated with it.
The color of white background color and
no border radius.
So just going to have pointy corners and
then the tricky part How did I get
that H3 to move down the page?
That is done with displaying this as grid.
I am using grids features that allow me
to reorder things within grid in order to
move some of these elements
around on the page.
What I have here inside of my article is
where I've declared the A grid to go.
And I've said just set up
as many rows as you need.
So what will happen here is that each
one of these items will each go to its
own row.
So h three will be a row image will
be a row, the UL will be a row.
The div with a class of
black box will be a row and
paragraph Down here that holds the button.
All of those will be individual rows.
Then we just reorder the rows in order to
get them to display where you want them
to display.
So I indicated the image should
display first up at the top.
The ul, once again,
we've set that to go horizontal
on the page I Walk through that
kind of example with you before.
And I used a little bit of negative margin
on the top to move this up over top
of the image.
So that's what's going on there.
And then in these li's, each li is going
to have a background color of white,
a little bit of padding And
a border around it.
So each li winds up having its own little
display here for this part of the page.
And that'll hold until we
get the screen smaller.
So, I think I changed the size
of my featured project
here at a slightly
smaller size right there.
That's the only thing.
Thing that changed.
And then I changed everything
again when I go to mobile.
So if you were wondering
how I got this to happen,
what I did besides reducing
the size of a bunch of text,
here when I get to my UL,
what I did was I set the whole background
of the UL rather than each LI
having a white White background.
I set the background of the whole ul to
be white and put the border on the ul.
And so that makes these things look
like they're all together in one unit as
opposed to before where
they were separate units.